Sudharsan Sundaravenkataraman
University of Texas at Dallas
Professor Yen
CS 5348.501
UTD ID: 2021668140

The script is run, just by running the 'execute' script.
Namely, `./execute`. This will clean the directory
if necessary and make the corresponding 'computer.exe' file necessary to run
the code. It will then take in input from comp.in (a sample comp.in) file is
provided and then write out to comp.out. It will also run computer.exe
while taking in input from comp.in and pipe the output to the 'wc' command.
A sample config.sys file is also provided with the three parameters to the
system provided with a comma separating them. The first parameter being
the memory size, the second being the time quantum, and the third being
the printing time.

Alternatively you can run this script simply by running `./computer.exe`
or by piping in input from comp.in by running `./computer.exe < comp.in`.
A sample 'comp.in' file is provided for your convenience and some additional
test scripts named 'add', 'mul', and 'prog1'. These program files do very simple
operations, like multiplying a value repeatedly or adding a value repeatedly, or
sleeping. 'prog-idle' is also provided in this directory. This is a sample
idle program personally created. The 'prog-idle' program file can be replaced
with another idle program file provided it is named 'prog-idle'. 

Assuming that concurrency control is not expected for this project, the
code sporadically results in segmentation fault or hangs expecting input  
due to the lack of concurrency control. The program also completes sporadically.

Sleeps were added to allow this program to run more consistently. A small sleep was added 
between process execution, and a substantial sleep was added when the user 
submits a termination command, to allow processes a chance to complete.

Additionally, WARNING: 

Also, Assuming that memory management was not expected for this project, if you 
provide a base value of 0, the idle program will be overwritten. Therefore,
it is required for this executable, that base values greater than 15 are provided,
since the length of the idle program written for this project has a length of 15 words.

If a personal/custom 'prog-idle' program is used, care should be taken to provide base
values for submitted programs such that it doesn't overlap or overwrite the idle
program. The idle program will be loaded starting at array index 0 for the memory variable
and populated until the end of the idle program. 

